A0 - is the the aircraft that system is currently running on.
A1 - is another aircraft that close enough to be track my smac radar.

What is need: 
	is determind max radar range?
	First warning radar range?
	Second Warning radar range?
	Third Warning radar radge?

ToDo:(I would suggest these would be in different a cycle, as the currrent highest risk is getting a simple working protype running)
Bad data inputs 
Different altittude checks
Stop reciveing data


Simple check with only one other aircraft in the air. Both A1 and A0 are flying at same altittude.

	Test 1: A1 is on opposite course of A0.
	Validation: no warning message, plan should be tracked till out of range.

	Test 2: A1 is on course that will pass by A0 within X (1st warning area) distance of each other.
	Validation: no warning message, First warning message, no warning message.

	Test 3: A1 is on course that will pass by A0 within X (2nd warning area) distance of each other.
	Validation: no warning message, First warning message, second warning message no warning message.
.

	Test 4: A1 is on course that will pass by A0 within X (3rd warning area) distance of each other.
	Validation: no warning message, First warning message, Second warning message, Third warning message, no warning message.

	Test 5: A1 is on course that will pass by A0 within 0 distance and collision will occur.
	Validation:  no warning message, First warning message, Second warning message, Third warning message.
	
	Test 6: A1 is  will be pass infront A0 but will not be 1st warning area range.
	Validation: no warning message.

	Test 7: A1 is  will be pass infront A0 within 1st warning area range.
	Validation: no warning message, 1st warning message, no warning message.
	
	Test 8: A1 is  will be pass infront A0 within  2nd warning area range.
	Validation: no warning message, 1st warning message, 2nd warning message, no warning message.

	Test 9: A1  is not moving. A0 is on course that will make A1 0 distance apart and collision will occur.
	Validation:  no warning message, First warning message, Second warning message, Third warning message.

	Test 10: A0  is not moving. A1 is on course that will make A0 0 distance apart and collision will occur.
	Validation:  no warning message, First warning message, Second warning message, Third warning message.

	Test 11: A1 is  will be pass behind A0 but will not be 1st warning area range.
	Validation: no warning message.

	Test 12: A1 is  will be pass behind A0 within 1st warning area range.
	Validation: no warning message, 1st warning message, no warning message.
	
	Test 13: A1 is  will be pass behind A0 within  2nd warning area range.
	Validation: no warning message, 1st warning message, 2nd warning message, no warning message.
	

	





